Update logs pipeline to separate integration and customer pipelines (#332)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-datadog: website/docs/r/logs_customer_pipeline.html.markdown

  * `name` - (Optional) Name of the processor
  * `is_enabled` - (Optional, default = false) If the processor is enabled or not.

Even though some arguments are optional, we still recommend you to state **all** arguments in the resource to avoid 
unnecessary confusion.

## Import

For the previously created customer pipelines, you can include them in Terraform with the `import` operation.
Currently, Terraform requires you to explicitly create resources that match the existing pipelines to 
import them. Use ```terraform import <resource.name> <pipelineID>``` for each existing pipeline.

## Important Notes

> Each `datadog_logs_customer_pipeline` resource defines a complete pipeline. The order of pipelines are maintained in resource 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `datadog_logs_customer_pipeline` resource defines a complete pipeline. The order of the pipelines is maintained in a different resource [datadog_logs_pipeline_order](logs_pipeline_order.html#datadog_logs_pipeline_order)
```
